crazy Mike steps down with a Mac app
video review for weather HD with this
very cool weather app you'll never have
to search another weather website again
featuring over 2 million locations radar
map satellite views 7-day forecast
slick HD live weather wallpapers and
much more getting into the action I
currently have this full screen on my
iMac now we're going to go into the
settings on the bottom left to add a
city you can go in there there's general
there's some other settings but we're
gonna go ahead and add a city again 2
million different locations to add they
go up into a little queue in the upper
left Dade City Florida is where we're at
we just added Dublin Ireland you have
the time and military time on the right
to go to another city just tap the arrow
below the cities Los Angeles London
you're gonna get a live weather
wallpaper based on what the weather
conditions are now we're in Moscow it
says rain is thirty nine so technically
this rain it looks like snow also notice
the different maps and satellite views
you can have by tapping on them on the
left side very cool application this app
usually sells for 399 it's on sale for
$0.99 totally recommend you pick it up
I'm going to keep this instead of going
to any other website now back in Los
Angeles I can actually go into radar you
can't use radar across the season you
also have the moon phases as well as
severe weather updates for your area so
very cool seven-day forecast lives there
and you can see the weather radars can
actually be activated to do the motion
view over a period of time so if you've
got rain coming or snow coming you can
actually watch it come at you again the
live wallpaper keeps working there you
can see the data there Hayes 69 degrees
Fahrenheit this is reducing it to a
smaller size you can pull it out a
little bit and then up on the menu bar
from my Mac I can tap there and get all
of the different cities
I can see quickly what the weather is in
all those locations again this app
typically sells for 399 the developers
done a good job he's updated it numerous
times and it's only selling for 99 cents
for the Mac cool app I
commit it until next time crazy Mike C&C